# Hospital-Management
Hospital Management System is an organized computerized system designed and programmed to deal with day to day operations and management of the hospital.
This is 10 Page E-commerce Front End website design

Web Technologies used: HTML, CSS, JS, Bootstrap

IDE: VS-Code

Note: Bot is deployed on contact page

Industry :
Lifestyle

Project Title :
Hospital Management

Problem Statement/Opportunity :
Lack of immediate retrievals: -
The information is very difficult to retrieve and to find particular information like- E.g. - To find out about the patient’s history, the user has to go through various registers. This results in in convenienceand wastage of time.
Lack of immediate information storage: -
The information generated by various transactions takes time and efforts to be stored at right place.
Lack of prompt updating: -
Various changes to information like patient details or immunization details of child are difficult to make as paper work is involved.
Error prone manual calculation: -
Manual calculations are error prone and take a lot of time this may result in incorrect information. For example calculation of patient’s bill based on various treatments.
Preparation of accurate and prompt reports: -
This becomes a difficult task as information is difficult to collect from various register.

Project Description :
Hospital Management System is an organized computerized system designed and programmed to deal with day to day operations and management of the hospital activities. The program can look after inpatients, outpatients, records, database treatments, status illness, billings in the pharmacy and labs. It also maintains hospital information such as ward id, doctors in charge and department administering. The major problem for the patient nowadays to get report after consultation , many hospital managing reports in their system but it's not available to the patient when he / she is outside. In this project we are going to provide the extra facility to store the report in the database and make available from anywhere in the world. We are using Azure Technologies with GitHub to complete this project.

Primary Azure Technology :
Azure Bot Service, QnA Maker, Static Web Apps

Other Azure Technologies : App Service


